these children are finding an escape
from Israel's war on
Gaza the laughter and joy showing how
life should be here in contrast to the
reality of sucrees and horror during
months of Israeli
attacks 177,000 in the Gaza Strip are
living without any adult protection or
are separated from the
families I am here to play and swim we
want to forget the horrors we living in
death and destruction our family is
split in half father and brothers in
Gaza and here I am with my mother living
in a
tent more than 15,000 children have been
killed since
October most of the 81,000 Palestinians
who have been haed including thousands
who have had amputations are also
children despite the horrible conditions
we are living we come to the seaside the
only thing left for us to seek some Fort
those innocent children did nothing
wrong to go through all this Terror we
are trying to help them heal mentally
and psychologically hoping they will
have a normal and positive future we the
old generation are already traumatized
and scarred this is our last
resort flimsy tents are of little
protection in searing heat nearly 2
million people have been repeatedly
death placed and even tent encampments
have been bumped well he
this is the only place we have to vent
our grief and anger the environment
inside the tent is unbearable let alone
the absence of hygiene flies are
hovering over us day and night we are
trying to get some clean air a fresh
breath for our children needless to say
we feel comforted when we are by the Sea
as well as the homes many of these
children have lost their favorite
clothes books and toys they do not have
enough to eat and many have died from
Hunger that castles in the sand provide
some mental
respites hundreds of gazans have found a
unique resite at this speech every day
as they escape from the ongoing soaring
of temperature and the Israeli
traumatizing bombardment of this strip
this place for Palestinians is the last
remaining Outlet to alleviate the the
growing psychological pressure that they
have been enduring since October the 7th
tum Al jaaz D
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz